https://spreadprivacy.com/rss tech
http://feeds.reuters.com/news/artsculture art philosophy
http://feeds.reuters.com/reuters/healthNews health
http://feeds.reuters.com/reuters/scienceNews science
http://feeds.reuters.com/reuters/technologyNews tech
http://feeds.reuters.com/reuters/topNews news
http://feeds.reuters.com/Reuters/worldNews news popular
https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/.rss news
http://feeds.bbci.co.uk/news/world/rss.xml news popular
https://www.nytimes.com/svc/collections/v1/publish/https://www.nytimes.com/section/world/rss.xml news popular
http://www.aljazeera.com/xml/rss/all.xml news
http://feeds.feedburner.com/WarNewsUpdates news
https://www.theguardian.com/world/rss news popular
https://www.rt.com/rss/news news popular
http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/rss news popular
https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/worldnews/feed news
https://sputniknews.com/export/rss2/world/index.xml news
https://www.vox.com/rss/world/index.xml news cool
http://feeds.feedburner.com/TechCrunch tech
http://feeds.arstechnica.com/arstechnica/technology-lab tech
http://www.computerworld.com/index.rss tech
http://feeds.feedburner.com/Makeuseof tech
http://feeds.bbci.co.uk/news/technology/rss.xml tech
http://feed.androidauthority.com tech android
https://fossbytes.com/feed/?x=1 tech linux
https://itsfoss.com/feed/ tech linux
https://feeds.feedburner.com/d0od tech linux
https://hackaday.com/blog/feed/ tech linux
http://www.ahaparenting.com/RSSRetrieve.aspx?ID=13126&Type=RSS20 parenting
http://www.parentingscience.com/parenting.xml parenting science
http://dadandburied.com/feed/ parenting
http://www.psy-ed.com/wpblog/feed parenting science
http://feeds.feedburner.com/sciencealert-latestnews science
http://rss.sciam.com/ScientificAmerican-Global science
http://feeds.feedburner.com/AllDiscovermagazinecomContent science
https://www.wired.com/category/science/feed science
http://www.popsci.com/rss.xml science
https://www.linux.com/feeds/original-content/rss tech linux
https://www.linux.com/feeds/news/rss tech linux
https://www.linux.com/feeds/news/embedded-and-mobile/rss tech linux
https://www.linux.com/feeds/news/desktop/rss tech linux
https://aeon.co/feed.rss philosophy cool
https://lukesmith.xyz/rss.xml cool linux tech
https://feeds.megaphone.fm/sciencevs Podcasts
https://feeds.megaphone.fm/HSW1226123619 Podcasts
https://feeds.megaphone.fm/PPY8359579005 Podcasts
